how did he do that oh she's a week
that's the sort of thing which is Dave
Statuary locomotion lovely commotion you
make some statue she airing history here
she comes
in the must enchanting role of her
career you're not suggesting that I
should take these children into my house
exactly the incomparable Angela Lansbury
as Miss eglantine price the apprentice
witch who is taking a correspondence
course in witchcraft
and funny man David Tomlinson as the
lovable London conman I'm here to amuse
just even to help you in Walt Disney
Productions super magical motion picture
Bedknobs and Broomsticks together they
lead three homeless cockney waves big
Tigers to the island of naboombu through
a world of magic more fantastic than
anything you've ever seen before
maybe she's not a wiki which of course
I'm not say you see the work I'm doing
is so important to the war
Oh
wishes of a Jesus owed anything and
everything a chap can unload his sold
off the Barrow in Portobello Road he's
lovely bobbing along bobbing along
through the water where we get along
swimmingly bobbing along singing a song
on the bottom of the beautiful briny
shimmery Shaw
in around
they say